Questions for Lab03:

(a) what are some Pros and Cons of Agile development(vs non-Agile)?
A:Some pros of Agile development are, the constant collaboration with customers, which allow the project to be shaped to the comsumer wants/needs as well as having emphasis on DevOps which promotes faster results. 
Conversely, Agile development has a difficult time in resource planning, as constant iterations make it hard to predict expenses and progress. Also, it is easy to get "sidetracked" trying to implement new functionalities asked by consumers and deviate from the initial result idea. 


(b)Explain the role and resposabilities of the Scrum Master vs the Product Owner.
A:The Product Owner sets the direction for the team, handles release management and stackholder management. 
Regarding the Scrum Master, they are responsible for all scrum related tasks, such as JIRA tooling, facilitating sprints and meetings, standups all done
by the Scrum Master.   

(c)What are the 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle? List at least 2 points on what needs to be discussed during each of these meetings
A: The three different type of meetings  are Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum/Standup and Sprint Retrospective meetings.
Sprint Planning are meant to determine what to complete in the coming sprint, move stories in sprint scope form backlog to current sprint, determine story points and assign stories to team and to start the sprint.
Daily Scrum or Standups are short meetings that happen everyday, usually 10 minutes long and are meant to discuss work completed,work plan for the day and any blockers.
Finally, Sprint Retrospective occurs at the endo fo the sprint, they discuss work complete and move incomplete work to backlog, and close the sprint. 

(d)Differentiate between Epic, Story, Bug and Task issue types in JIRA
A: An Epic captures a large body of work that can be broken down into several smaller stories. A Story is a software system requirement that is expressed in a few short senteces. 
A bug is a problem which impairs or prevents the functions of a product. Finally, a Task represents wokr that needs to be done.
